Java hello friend did you know more than
200,000 people in Australia have
hepatitis B that's almost 10 times the
number of people living with HIV most
people in Australia in fact it with Hep
B were born overseas
let me many in Southeast Asia and most
don't even know the infected so what
exactly is hepatitis B is the nasty it's
body looking good for nothing father
he loves to attack the liver yeah I live
for the liver the hippie bars can cause
cirrhosis liver cancer and liver failure
fortunately it can be treated but first
let's look at how the virus is spread
every time is B is found in blood and
bodily fluids
the most common way is transmitted is
from mother to child thanks a lot mom
you can also get it by having
unprotected sex during needles not that
sort of needle and borrowing someone
else's toothbrush fortunately kissing is
okay so what should you do about
hepatitis B testing for hepatitis B is
easy just ask your doctor to do it test
if it's negative no that's a good thing
yeah as I was saying if your test comes
back negative you can be fascinated if I
see involved three injections over six
months these will protect you from the
virus if you have the hepatitis B virus
it's important to get a treatment
not the sort of treatment you should go
to your doctor every six months to
monitor the health of your liver whether
or not you or anyone you know has
hepatitis B it's important we all will
talk about it we need to try it
hepatitis B as a community together by
talking acting and fighting we can crush
Hep B and maybe live